[Music]
throughout my life
the ten rings gave our family power
if you wanted them to be yours one day
you have to show me you are strong
enough to carry them
marvel has done it again shang chi in
the legend of the ten rings is another
notch in the marvel belt of quality
superhero movies with fleshed out
characters and heartfelt stories
in this film chongqi has been secretly
going by the name sean spending most of
his time with his best friend katie as a
valet in san francisco but when they are
unexpectedly attacked by his father's
terrorist organization the ten rings
he's forced to return to his old home
and confront the past he so desperately
tried to run away from
john you are a product of all who came
before you
the legacy of your family
you are your mother
and whether you like it or not
you are also your
father i told my men
they wouldn't be able to kill you if
they tried
glad i was right
within the past year hollywood has
presented us with some less than
mediocre asian-led action films the new
mortal kombat was painfully cheesy and
forgettable and the live-action mulan
disappointed in every way except their
costumes thankfully director destin
daniel [ __ ] incorporates the right
amount of humor depth stunning martial
arts and elements of a fresh perspective
on asian culture throughout the entire
you have the wrong guy does he look like
he can fight come on bro
you okay
[Music]
yo what up y'all it's your boy cliff
coming at you live on the bus
i actually did take a little bit of
martial arts as a youth so i'm gonna try
and grade this fight as we're going
[Music]
the look and feel of the film is
mesmerizing but perhaps what's even more
captivating are the performances by this
outstanding cast the hilarious aquafina
continues to shine as perfectly timed
comedic relief and simu liu shows off
his extensive martial arts and stunt
work solidifying him as a multi-talented
action star his journey as chongqi is
relatable and moving
he's just a criminal
who murders people
be careful how you speak to me boy
i made it
i thought i could change my name
start a new life
but i could never
escape his shadow
though the movie struggles with its
pacing in the second half this is easily
forgivable the film provides a well
thought out storyline with an emotional
backstory and stuns visually with its
seamless choreography and electrifying
special effects it's also the asian
inspired action flick audiences have
been needing to see as disney continues
to successfully showcase diversity and
inclusion in their productions shang chi
in the legend of the ten rings is a high
flying adventure you'll want to
experience safely in theaters for about
town this is susan stevens is this what
you wanted
[Applause]
you got this
thank you
[Music]